These are the terms and conditions for the Clark County Coloring Contest

1. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A purchase will not increase your chances of 
winning. Participation constitutes entrant's full and unconditional agreement to and acceptance
of these Official Rules. The Clark County Coloring Contest ("Contest") will be held online 
from 12:00 a.m. Pacific Time ("PT"), March 21, 2016 ("Contest Start Date"), to 11:59 p.m. PT, 
April 25, 2016 ("Contest Period").

2. ELIGIBILITY. The Contest is open to legal residents of the United States of America. 
Sponsor's employees and their immediate families are not eligible to participate or claim a 
prize. Void where prohibited or restricted by law. All federal, state and local laws, rules 
and regulations apply. By participating, contestants agree to abide by all terms of these 
Official rules and to waive any right to claim ambiguity in the Contest or these Official Rules. 
Contestants must have an active library card to participate.

3. HOW TO ENTER. 1.) As of 12:00 a.m. PT, March 21, 2016, enter by:

Downloading a coloring page accessed by pressing the "Download Templates" button on the home
page, printing it out, completing it, and turning it in via this page.

*By entering you represent that you have all necessary rights to grant a license to the Sponsor
to publish and to reuse your entry for any purpose without compensation. All entries must be 
received by 11:59 p.m. PT, April 25, 2016. All entries become the exclusive property of the 
Sponsor and will not be returned. No mechanically reproduced entries will be accepted.

4. INTERNET LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY. If for any reason this Contest is not capable of running
as planned due to infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, 
fraud, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Sponsor which corrupt
or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Contest,
the Sponsor reserves the right at its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual who 
tampers with the entry process, and to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Contest in 
whole or in part, at any time, without notice and award the prizes using all non-suspect 
eligible entries received as of this termination date. The Sponsor assumes no responsibility
for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission,
communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of,
entries. The Sponsor is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any 
telephone network or telephone lines, computer on-line systems, servers, or providers, 
computer equipment, software, failure of any e-mail or entry to be received by the Sponsor on 
account of technical problems, human error or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any 
Website, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage to participant's or any 
other person's computer relating to or resulting from participation in this Contest or 
downloading any materials in this Contest. CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY 
WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE CONTEST IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND 
CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, THE SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES 
OR OTHER REMEDIES FROM ANY SUCH PERSON (S) RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ATTEMPT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT 
PERMITTED BY LAW. In the event of a dispute as to the identity of a winner based on an e-mail 
address, the winning entry will be declared made by the authorized account holder of the e-mail
address submitted at time of entry. "Authorized account holder" is defined as the natural 
person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, online service 
provider or other organization (e.g., business, educational, institution, etc.) that is 
responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted 
e-mail address.

5. SELECTIONS AND NOTIFICATION OF WINNERS. Winners will be selected by a panel of judges on or 
after April 25, 2016 by Sponsor's staff from among all eligible entries. Winners will be 
notified on or after April 25, 2016 by e-mail or telephone and need not be present to win. 
Only one winner per household. The winner will be disqualified and an alternate winner will be 
selected if a selected winner fails to comply with these rules; cannot be contacted; is 
ineligible; fails to claim a prize in the stated time period as required, or if the 
prize notification or prize is returned as undeliverable. Acceptance of a prize constitutes 
permission to use the winners= names, likenesses and statements for promotional and publicity 
purposes without additional compensation or limitation unless prohibited by law. All decisions 
of the Sponsor regarding the selection of winners, notification and substitution of winners in 
accordance with these Official Rules shall be binding and final.

6. PRIZES AVAILABLE. Four (4) winners will win one (1) t-shirt and one (1) plush toy. 
Substitutions of similar value will be made at the sole discretion of the Sponsor if offers are
no longer available. The prize is not transferable, assignable or redeemable for cash and if 
not used will be forfeited. Approximate retail value (ARV) of prizes is $60.

7. INDEMNIFICATION AND RELEASE. By entering the contest and participating in any promotions 
relating thereto, each entrant agrees to release and hold Sponsor, their respective affiliates, 
subsidiaries, parent companies, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, 
participating retailers and any other companies participating in the design, administration or 
fulfillment of this sweepstakes and their respective officers, directors, employees, and 
agents, harmless from any and all losses, rights, claims, injuries, damages, expenses, 
costs or actions of any kind resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from 
participation in this sweepstakes or any sweepstakes-related activity, or acceptance, 
possession, use or misuse of the prize or parts thereof, including without limitation personal 
injuries, death and property damage and claims based on publicity rights defamation or invasion 
of privacy.

8. TAX INFORMATION. All applicable Federal, state and local tax liabilities and any other 
incidental expenses, fees or costs associated with the receipt or use of any prize are the 
sole responsibility of the winner.

9. These terms and conditions were acquired from
http://www.sdzsafaripark.org/kids-free-coloring-contest-terms-conditions
Fist Full of Java team claims no ownership of these terms and are deemed usable by the fair use
act since this project is strictly for education purposes.